This file contains information on some refactorings needed in shtoom.
These are sections of the code that *need* a solid smack to the head
with the big refactoring stick.

Note that these tasks probably make the situation seem gloomier than
it actually is - the code as it is works, but could be done better. 
Most of them are also going to be necessary to move forward in some
areas that are currently blocked.

[xxx work in progress]

SDP/RTP/Payload Types refactoring
---------------------------------

At the moment, the responsibility for the handling of RTP payload
types is smeared over a few pieces of code. This means, for instance,
that we can't handle dynamically allocated payload types (such as, 
for instance, speex). It also makes for nasty code. Ideally, the
code would pass an object to the RTP layer that has both the data
*and* the payload type, and similarly, receive an object from the RTP
layer with both the data and the payload type. This then gets passed
to the AudioLayer object. 

Call
----

The Big One. The Call object is a creeping disaster. More of it's 
logic needs to be moved out into the Dialog class, and the state 
machine logic needs to be made explicit. This is needed to sanely 
handle retransmits and the like. The state should also become an
object, and it can be then responsible for handling the retransmits.

Credentials
-----------

There should be a cleaner interface for the handling of credentials. 
It's a bit of a mess right now.

Import testing
--------------

There's a bunch of try: import foo except: foo = None stanzas buried 
in the code. I'd like to move all of that out to a seperate module 
that does *all* of the import tests in one place.


